Allen this is a great opportunity to
present the q5 here why don't you give
us a little history of what's led up to
the speakers
well we've first built our all-aluminum
speakers in 1996 so we go way back when
it comes to designing this kind of
product Beck at the time we were
building one or two offs for custom
application and it was a very expensive
ordeal to build an enclosure like this
with the facilities and amenities that
we had back then it was always our goal
to eventually arrive at proposition like
that it became available to us last year
when we finally were in a position to
purchase our own machine shop and we
have now a shop with the five CNC
machines that will allow us to produce a
product like this at the cost
effectiveness that were able to do that
it's not an affordable product by domain
however if we had to build this under
the normal way things are done in this
industry which is usually to farm out
these kind of production it would have
been a lot more expensive and probably
impossible to build so this is a long in
the making and we are finally showing it
and this is the second time in Europe
we've shown it now in Munich and also in
September here this is the fourth
country that I'm
running around showing the queues and
we're very very proud it's a very unique
product its consists of 101 different
plates that are put together it's a
combination of aluminium brass and
copper all put together to create a very
massive very stiff yet very well damped
enclosure that produces what we would
call a proposition of a very big
loudspeaker in a very confined and
manageable package the only problem is
the weight each one of these regular
speakers were close to 400 pound which
is about 180 some kilo more numbers four
hundred and twenty six bolts all are put
together by hand with Loctite so no
bolts ever come loose and the
performance of these speakers are very
unique and we also imply everything that
we learn until now including our own
custom drivers our new custom tweeter
these are all built by us and we are
very very proud to to achieve this this
type of performance for this kind of
price well you have a whole range of
speakers that go from like 20,000 to
400,000 maybe Muroc give our viewers out
there a little bit inside the range the
the typical product that we have built
in the past ten years comply from
aluminium and and in wood based wood
we're using birch ply as we started to
do with the with the meaning
was a very successful apparatus we
developed a very unique way to work with
the combination of metal and in wood and
we produce the M and the V lines which
were extremely popular and allowed us to
be in a position we can actually build
this product of course we have the
automate which is a whole nother
ballgame it was a product that was
commissioned for certain individuals and
that allowed me to actually build a horn
system the way I feel on should be built
unfortunately it's a very expensive
proposition but it's a very special and
unique product so we have that in the
line as well